---
page_title: "Provider: f5os"
description: |-
    Terraform provider for Managing F5OS Devices:
   - Velos chassis
   - rSeries appliances
---

# Terraform-Provider-F5os Provider

Terraform provider for Managing F5OS Devices: 
 - Velos chassis 
 - rSeries appliances

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "f5os" {
  username = "education"
  password = "test123"
  host     = "http://localhost:19090"
}
```

## Proxy Support

Provider runtime HTTP/HTTPS requests honor standard Go proxy environment variables:

- `HTTPS_PROXY` or `https_proxy`
- `HTTP_PROXY` or `http_proxy`
- `NO_PROXY` or `no_proxy`

Example:

```sh
export HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
export HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
export NO_PROXY=localhost,127.0.0.1,.internal.example.com
```

When these variables are set, API and telemetry calls are routed through the proxy unless the target matches `NO_PROXY`.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `disable_tls_verify` (Boolean) `disable_tls_verify` controls whether a client verifies the server's certificate chain and host name. default it is set to `true`. If `disable_tls_verify` is true, crypto/tls accepts any certificate presented by the server and any host name in that certificate. In this mode, TLS is susceptible to machine-in-the-middle attacks unless custom verification is used.
can be provided by `DISABLE_TLS_VERIFY` environment variable.

~> **NOTE** If it is set to `false`, certificate/ca certificates should be added to `trusted store` of host where we are running this provider.
- `host` (String) URI/Host details for F5os Device,can be provided via `F5OS_HOST` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for F5os Device,can be provided via `F5OS_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `port` (Number) Port Number to be used to make API calls to HOST
- `teem_disable` (Boolean) If this flag set to true,sending telemetry data to TEEM will be disabled,can be provided via `TEEM_DISABLE` environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for F5os Device,can be provided via `F5OS_USERNAME` environment variable.User provided here need to have required permission as per [UserManagement](https://techdocs.f5.com/en-us/f5os-a-1-4-0/f5-rseries-systems-administration-configuration/title-user-mgmt.html)
