---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "f5os_partition Resource - terraform-provider-f5os"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used for Manage VELOS chassis partition
  ~> NOTE f5os_partition resource is used with Velos Chassis controller only, More info on chassis partition https://techdocs.f5.com/en-us/velos-1-5-0/velos-systems-administration-configuration/title-partition-mgmt.html#about-partitions.
  Provider f5os credentials will be chassis controller host,username and password
---

# f5os_partition (Resource)

Resource used for Manage VELOS chassis partition

~> **NOTE** `f5os_partition` resource is used with Velos Chassis controller only, More info on [chassis partition](https://techdocs.f5.com/en-us/velos-1-5-0/velos-systems-administration-configuration/title-partition-mgmt.html#about-partitions).
Provider `f5os` credentials will be chassis controller `host`,`username` and `password`

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "f5os" {
  username = "<chassis_controller_username>"
  password = "<chassis_controller_password>"
  host     = "<chassis_controller_ip>"
}
# Manages F5OS partition
resource "f5os_partition" "velos-part" {
  name              = "TerraformPartition"
  os_version        = "1.3.1-5968"
  ipv4_mgmt_address = "10.144.140.125/24"
  ipv4_mgmt_gateway = "10.144.140.253"
  ipv6_mgmt_address = "2001::1/64"
  ipv6_mgmt_gateway = "2001::"
  slots             = [1, 2]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the chassis partition.
Partition names must consist only of alphanumerics (0-9, a-z, A-Z), must begin with a letter, and are limited to 31 characters.

### Optional

- `configuration_volume_size` (Number) select the desired configuration volume in increments of 1 GB.
The default value is 10 GB, with a minimum of 5 GB and a maximum of 15 GB.After volume sizes are configured, their sizes can be increased but not reduced
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables partition.
- `images_volume_size` (Number) select the desired storage volume for all tenant images in increments of 1 GB.
The default value is 15 GB, with a minimum of 5 GB and a maximum of 50 GB.After volume sizes are configured, their sizes can be increased but not reduced
- `ipv4_mgmt_address` (String) Specifies the IPv4 address and subnet mask used to access the chassis partition.
The address must be specified in CIDR notation e.g. 192.168.1.1/24.
- `ipv4_mgmt_gateway` (String) Specifies the IPv4 chassis partition management gateway.
- `ipv6_mgmt_address` (String) Specifies the IPv6 address and subnet mask used to access the chassis partition.
The address must be specified in CIDR notation e.g. 2002::1234:abcd:ffff:c0a8:101/64.
Required for create operations.
- `ipv6_mgmt_gateway` (String) Specifies the IPv6 chassis partition management gateway.
Required for create operations.
- `os_version` (String) Specifies the partition F5OS-C OS Bundled version.(ISO image version)
- `shared_volume_size` (Number) select the desired user data (tcpdump captures, QKView data, etc.) volume in increments of 1 GB.
The default value is 10 GB, with a minimum of 5 GB and a maximum of 20 GBAfter volume sizes are configured, their sizes can be increased but not reduced
- `slots` (List of Number) List of integers.
Specifies which slots with which the chassis partition should associated.
- `timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for partition to transition to running state.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique Partition identifier


