---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "f5os_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-f5os"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used for Manage F5OS tenant on chassis partition/rSeries Appliance
  ~> NOTE f5os_tenant resource is used with chassis partition/rSeries appliance, More info on Tenant https://techdocs.f5.com/en-us/velos-1-5-0/velos-systems-administration-configuration/title-tenant-management.html#title-tenant-management.
  Provider f5os credentials will be chassis partition/rSeries appliance host,username and password
---

# f5os_tenant (Resource)

Resource used for Manage F5OS tenant on chassis partition/rSeries Appliance

~> **NOTE** `f5os_tenant` resource is used with chassis partition/rSeries appliance, More info on [Tenant](https://techdocs.f5.com/en-us/velos-1-5-0/velos-systems-administration-configuration/title-tenant-management.html#title-tenant-management).
Provider `f5os` credentials will be chassis partition/rSeries appliance `host`,`username` and `password`

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage F5OS Tenant
resource "f5os_tenant" "test3" {
  name              = "testtenant-ecosys3"
  image_name        = "BIGIP-17.1.0-0.0.16.ALL-F5OS.qcow2.zip.bundle"
  mgmt_ip           = "10.100.100.26"
  mgmt_gateway      = "10.100.100.1"
  mgmt_prefix       = 24
  type              = "BIG-IP"
  cpu_cores         = 8
  nodes             = [1]
  vlans             = [1, 2]
  running_state     = "deployed"
  virtual_disk_size = 82
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpu_cores` (Number) The number of vCPUs that should be added to the tenant.
Required for create operations.
- `image_name` (String) Name of the tenant image to be used.
Required for create operations
- `mgmt_gateway` (String) Tenant management gateway.
- `mgmt_ip` (String) IP address used to connect to the deployed tenant.
Required for create operations.
- `mgmt_prefix` (Number) Tenant management CIDR prefix.
- `name` (String) Name of the tenant.
The first character must be a letter.
Only lowercase alphanumeric characters are allowed.
No special or extended characters are allowed except for hyphens.
The name cannot exceed 50 characters.
- `virtual_disk_size` (Number) Minimum virtual disk size required for Tenant deployment

### Optional

- `cryptos` (String) Whether crypto and compression hardware offload should be enabled on the tenant.
We recommend it is enabled, otherwise crypto and compression may be processed in CPU.
- `deployment_file` (String) Deployment file used for BIG-IP-Next .
Required for if `type` is `BIG-IP-Next`.
- `nodes` (List of Number) List of integers. Specifies on which blades nodes the tenants are deployed.
Required for create operations.
For single blade platforms like rSeries only the value of 1 should be provided.
- `running_state` (String) Desired running_state of the tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for image import to finish.
- `type` (String) Name of the tenant image to be used.
Required for create operations
- `vlans` (List of Number) The existing VLAN IDs in the chassis partition that should be added to the tenant.
The order of these VLANs is ignored.
This module orders the VLANs automatically, if you deliberately re-order them in subsequent tasks, this module will not register a change.
Required for create operations

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique F5OS Tenant identifier
- `status` (String) Tenant status

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Tenant can be imported by specifying the tenant Name identifier.
terraform import f5os_tenant.tenant-import testtenant
```
