---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "f5os_tls_cert_key Resource - terraform-provider-f5os"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource used to manage tls cert and key on F5OS partitions
---

# f5os_tls_cert_key (Resource)

Resource used to manage tls cert and key on F5OS partitions

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "f5os_tls_cert_key" "testcert" {
  name                   = "testcert"
  days_valid             = 40
  email                  = "user@org.com"
  city                   = "Hyd"
  province               = "Telangana"
  country                = "IN"
  organization           = "F7"
  unit                   = "IT"
  key_type               = "encrypted-rsa"
  key_size               = 2048
  key_passphrase         = "test123"
  confirm_key_passphrase = "test123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the tls certificate.

### Optional

- `city` (String) The residing cty of the certificate holder.
- `confirm_key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) This specifies the confirmation of the passphrase for the key, the value should be the same as the `key_passphrase`. This attribute is required when `key_type` is set to `encrypted-rsa` or `encrypted-ecdsa`
- `country` (String) The residing country of the certificate holder.
- `days_valid` (Number) The number of days for which the certificate is valid, the default value is 30 days
- `email` (String) The email address of the certificate holder.
- `key_curve` (String) This specifies the specific elliptic curve used in ECC, this is only applicable for ECDSA keys. This attribute is required when `key_type` is set to `ecdsa` or `encrypted-ecdsa`
- `key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) This specifies the passphrase for the key. This attribute is required when `key_type` is set to `encrypted-rsa` or `encrypted-ecdsa`
- `key_size` (Number) This specifies the length of the key, this is only applicable for RSA keys. This attribute is required when `key_type` is set to `rsa` or `encrypted-rsa`
- `key_type` (String) The type of the tls key
- `organization` (String) The organization of the certificate holder
- `province` (String) The residing province of the certificate holder.
- `subject_alternative_name` (String) The subject alternative name of the tls certificate. This attribute is required for F5OS v1.8 and above and not supported for F5OS below v1.8
- `unit` (String) The organizational unit of the certificate holder.
- `version` (Number) The version of the certificate

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique resource identifier


